# Meeting Minutes: Group 23

- Topic: Pipeline, Plan for the role of the team
- Location: Zoom
- Time: Feb.9th 4pm

### Agenda

- Wrap up CICD, talks about how to use the super-linter in the github action
  - Once pull request is reviewed, people who make the pull request should make the merge to the branch
- Try using the super-liner on the page
- planning on the branch/commit decision when start coding
  - have feature branches, split in two groups, html and css
  - Ask Jordan about branch On Thursday
- Start working on the HTML
  - The structure of HTML, div class
  - Add settings in the JS, set the div to the div setting

-Split up the team

- JS Team
  - Edger
  - Josh
  - Benny
- CSS Team - LA - Zeven - Nawwar
  -Do 3 or 4 unit test by Thursday
- This is just for requirement
- We will do our own test in user POV

### Planning on Thursday

- Present prograss
- Ask Jordan about branching
-

### Attendance

- [x] Colin Young
- [x] Stella Ma
- [x] Josh Cross
- [x] Abdelkader Laouini (LA)
- [x] Benny Cai
- [x] Nawwar Tohme
- [x] Edgar Flores
- [x] Zeven Vidmar-Barker
