# Meeting Minutes: Group 23
- Topic: Update on sprint 2 and try to merge some functions to main branch
- Location: Zoom
- Time: 2.28 8 p.m-10 

### Agenda
- Follow-Up Discussion (progress updates)
    - Check if info box finished, all most done.
    - Check if settting finished, needs some unit teset
- New Discussion
    - Settle down the design of task list
    - Settle down the design of info icon, and pomo counter place
    - Having L.A., Zeven, and Benny from css team to work on the task list
    - Have Nawarr and Josh finish up the settings
    - unit test is **IMPORTANT** , make sure to have at least one unit test for each feature.

### Action Items
- Nawwar
   - pull request for focus/relax and button layout changes by Monday 12:00 PM
- LA
    - pull request for info box by Wednesday at 12:00 PM
- Josh and Nawwar
    - pull request for finished settings menu before Thursday's meeting
- Benny, Zeven, and LA
    - pull request for initial task menu before Thursday's meeting


## PLEASE have unit tests and JSDoc annotations done, can't have Jordan flame us twice for the same thing


10:02
PLEASE have unit tests and JSDoc annotations done, can't have Jordan flame us twice for the same thing
### Decisions Made
- Decision
    - Choose the first layout in the figma for the layout of info box and setting.

### Attendance
- [x] Colin Young
- [x] Stella Ma
- [ ] Josh Cross
- [x] Abdelkader Laouini (LA)
- [x] Benny Cai
- [x] Nawwar Tohme
- [x] Edgar Flores
- [x] Zeven Vidmar-Barker
