# Meeting Minutes: Group 23

- Topic: Weekly Check & Resolve conflict
- Location: Zoom
- Time: 6:30pm -

### Agenda

- Follow-Up Discussion (progress updates)
  - What we are doing this week
  - Finish the Setinng, infobox, task list almost done
  - Solve the merging conlict

### Action Items

- For the next week
  - Fill in the info box
  - Finish up the setting
  - Fix up the adminstrative documentations
  - Bug fix
  - Fix superlinting?
  - Have some manual test besides the unit test
- Interaction for pull request
  - Don't really pull reequest very often, result conflicts before making the pull request
  - Have some comments for the pul request
- Workflow being distribute
  - Spliting tasks evenly
  - The task ratio is pretty consitant
  - Benny did a lot, working on both css and js
  - Joss absent recently because of the medical stuff
  - All split in the sub group and working on the small task, have many submeetings with in the small group.
- Unit Test
  - change how test item is implement, dependency injection, pass in real class or fake
  - mock the whole module, jest.mock

### Decisions Made

- Decision
  - Reasoning/Opinions

### Attendance

- [x] Colin Young
- [x] Stella Ma
- [ ] Josh Cross
- [x] Abdelkader Laouini (LA)
- [x] Benny Cai
- [x] Nawwar Tohme
- [x] Edgar Flores
- [x] Zeven Vidmar-Barker
